oh this one here and you as you see here
this cilia is for pushback it's fresh
that to say they put are not very far
away from here
Bush bug is a small antelope popular to
eat but illegal to capture Charles
splits up the patrol to cover more
ground how does this work yeah it feels
good to destroy my first snare but
unfortunately there are many more just
like it
with so many settlements surrounding the
forest and extreme poverty poaching is
an ongoing problem I'm afraid of
stepping on a trap the poachers are not
intending to snare gorillas as Rwandan
x' don't eat primates like people do in
some other african countries but if a
gorilla gets caught in a snare it could
lose a foot like this mother did or even
died she found something the poachers
know the forest well it won't be easy to
catch them but Charles's knowledge of
how they operate gives us a fighting
chance you see pieces they say of
butcher so you see if when we move he he
do this as you see here right that to
say you go in a decide if they come back
they hit match to be like this Charles
you really have to be a detective
yeah this photo
when I was filming gorillas in the mist
it was very exciting but still it was
just a movie
tracking illegal poachers with armed
Rangers is a very different experience
and very real
I'm trapped Charles I had no idea just
how bad the poaching problem was until
the other Rangers had split off from us
earlier came back the Rangers removed
over a thousand of these snares every
year they caught three poachers - but
we're not allowed to film them and
they're taken straight to the police
station this wire is so lethal looking
you know it's so strong yeah yeah and a
girl I could really there's so many
little pieces to it that could infect
your arm yeah you see these yeah it's
amazing there are any gorillas left it
along though and I've heard that some
gorillas also some Silverbacks if they
see an individual with a snare they will
try to help them just get it off before
it gets infected yes they're very so you
can do thank god you're stopping this
it's disgusting